hi guys in this video we'll talk about
British Shorthair cat facts the British
Shorthair is a pedigreed version of the
traditional British domestic cat with a
distinctively chunky body plush coat and
broad face the most familiar color
variant is the British blue a solid blue
grey with copper eyes but the bridge has
also been developed in a wide range of
other colors and patterns including
tabby and Colour point it is one of the
most ancient can't breed snown probably
originating from Egyptian domestic cats
imported into Britain by invading Romans
in the first century AD in modern times
it remains the most popular pedigree
breed in its native country as
registered by the UK's Governing Council
of the cat fancy the brits good-natured
appearance and relatively calm
temperament make it a frequent media
star the British Shorthair is a powerful
but compact cat that should give an
overall impression of mentally balanced
starters having a broad chest strong
thick leg set legs with rounded posts
and a medium length blunt tipped tail
the head is likewise massive and
distinctively rounded with a short
muzzle broad cheeks most noticeable in
major males who tend to develop
prominent joles
they are slow to major in comparison
with most cat breeds reaching full
physical development and approximately 3
years of age their weight averages from
7 to 17 pounds or from 3.2 to seven
point sound kilograms British Shorthairs
are and is it going but noticeably
dignified breed not as active and
playful as many but sweet natured and
devoted to their owners making them a
favorite of animal trainers they tend to
be safe around other pets of children
they will tolerate a fair amount of
physical interaction but as a rule rule
do not like to be picked up or carried
they require all the minimal grooming
and take well to being kept as inner
only cats however they can be prone to
obesity
unless care is taken with their diet
the British Shorthair is considered a
long-lived cat net clinic and Eddy from
England shows a mini lifespan of about
eleven point eight years however Swedish
insurance that puts the middle lifespan
of the breed at twelve point five years
or more and then basically it for
British Shorthairs if you like this
video please take a moment and comment
below watch other videos on our Channel
and subscribe to our channel as well